---
title: Week 5
layout: post
author: zain.syed
permalink: /week-5/
source-id: 1CvMkKP7yOZRAz7vWx0xEypdlixFg-QvUHbbmsJqBbmc
published: true
---
What I have learnt over the course of the last few months in IT lessons about the media.

We learnt about how the pictures of mainly food on adverts are completely different to how they are when you actually buy it from a restaurant. They even use a special person called a food stylist to style the food and make it look nice and also so that you can see every single ingredient in the dish. So that when it is on the advert people find it appealing so that thew go to the shop and buy it. This is a complete scam as when you receive i at the shop it looks completely different. This consists of mainly burgers because when they are in the advert they are very tall and you can see every different ingredient, but when you get it at the shop its completely squashed into the box.

We then looked through all the different types of social media and hoe different oe can harm you. Twitter especially is very dangerous because there is no such thing as being private on it. Everyone in the whole world can see you and your posts. Other sites like snapchat are mainly based around children, however adults and older people do something called sexting. The point in snapchat is that you can only see a picture for a matter of seconds. That means that people can take pictures of them naked and put it up on snapchat so that people can only see for a few seconds. Sites like Linkdin are mainly based around adults when trying to get jobs or looking at other peoples history of business and what they do and who they work for.

The next week we looked through the advantages and disadvantages of social media.

Some of the advantages of it are that you can communicate with friends and family, especial those of which have live in other countries

Some of the disadvantages are that some people use social media to receive news however all of it is complete nonsense.

We then went on to look at our online identity and how you would like to be thought of online.

